It's 1:28 at night, I can't sleep, cuz I've just gone through a refreshing interview.

It's about the Software Development Engineer position at Citadel, a hedge fund / market maker well known for its incredibly high salary. It goes without saying that not everyone can have the offer, and I find myself in the bigger set.

I believe I have a causual attitude towards formal scenorios, be it like job interview, school exam or other caution-inducing events. This helped me a lot in enjoying the interview, I must say.

I applied for the Asia office while set the schedule at 11:00 pm. So the recruting office designated a guy at Australian to conduct the interview. I can't decide his nationality, but I like this guy.

It was fairly dim, and he suprised at the schedule. He then asked me about why applying for Citadel, so I read the stupid lengthy essay that I've just finished, describing awkwardly why Citadel resonates with Zhicheng HUI. He didn't have the air of understand all those.

Talk is cheap, show me the code! He suggested me implementing the algorithms in C++, and he got my point when I said "talk is cheap", we laughed.

The problem is easy, I came up with a preliminary solution automatically and succeeded in further elaborating it. Look, now I can communicate with foreigners without difficulties! (It might also be that the interviewer masters English so well) 

I don't really know C++, because it's vast. I do not even know C, or I dare not even pretend I know Python. There will always be a language-implementation-level knowledge test waiting for confident prople.

Normally, we are only familiar with what would be enough, and unluckily that's not the case for me. I had (and have) trouble playing with all these stl containers, I don't even know constructors, it's useless in competitive programming.

After trial and error, I still completed my program quasi-autonomously along with detailed babysit explaination as to what I did. except that the stl containers are awkwardly manipulated by me.

You should ask when you don't know! My knowledge boundary is the initialization of stl vectors and maps, so I asked, even him stuck for a while. But he is already in Citadel, I must say.

The execution was unsuccess, I started debugging, but the bug is minor. Finally, he pointed the error out.

He didn't judge anything, it was just like we are piecing together a programming homework, that's why it's of great fun. At the end, he suggest me to use const modifier and reference for stl containers in functional arguments.

It's of great fun, I'm also happy for I felt great fun. But I should learn some C++ and some English.
